---
title: Materialized View
draft: true
tags: [databases, system-design, reference]
---
# Materialized Views

A materialized view is a database object in the field of database management and data warehousing. A materialized view is a type of view that does store the actual data compared to the typical views in the database. It is a physical copy of the data generated by a query, and this copy is periodically refreshed to stay synchronized with the underlying data.

A materialized view is an architectural pattern that combines the benefits of precomputed query results with the flexibility of views in a database system. It's used to speed up query performance in scenarios where query response time is critical, and where the underlying data changes infrequently compared to the frequency of queries.

## Query Optimization

Materialized views are primarily used for query optimization. Instead of running complex and resource-intensive queries each time for the user request, the materialized view precomputes and stores the result.

## Periodic Refresh

Based on the business and resource constraints, Materialized views need to be updated periodically.

## Incremental Updates

To decrease the computational load, we can use incremental updates (only updating the changed data), although it can also be refreshed using full recomputation.

## Read-Heavy Workloads

Materialized views are particularly useful in scenarios where there are read-heavy workloads and relatively infrequent updates to the underlying data. They provide a way to trade off storage and maintenance costs for improved query performance.

## Data Warehousing

Materialized views are commonly used in data warehousing environments, where large volumes of data are stored and queried for reporting and analytics purposes.