# NF

# Wake Up

You spend your life in a dream that you can't escape.

Because you live `your` life in a comma, you're never awake. `(It's not because it is 'Cause)`

If you`'d` open your eyes, then maybe you'd see what's `at stake`

You're sleeping (2)

You make a lot of money and live in `a` mansion.

`And` pretty much `got` everything you could `ever` imagine.

But you feel like even `though` you got everything in the world, ~~but~~ you `got` nothing.

So what you do `then` is `you start` going backward.

You~~'re~~ running `in a direction` and you~~'re~~ looking for something that is not real.

`And all` you know `is that` You~~'re~~ just `gotta` have it. 

What you`'re doing` is sleeping and thinking that you`'re awake and you're not` 

`And the`problem `is` that you `don't know what you're` after.

`So`, you put everything you `have into` what you do, `hoping` that ~~in~~ one day ~~you~~ maybe `you` don't have to feel `like you're` empty.

But as you get older, a lot of weight on your shoulder`s` is getting heavy.

Then you look ~~things~~ back and `you` start `to` regret things.

You only get one life and every time you~~'re~~ looking at yours, you feel `like` everything you have is a waste.

And the problem and the reason you `could never fill a hole in` your whole life is because you~~'re~~ were never awake.

You spend your life in a dream that you can't escape.

Because you live `your` life in a comma, you're never awake.

Wake up! (16)

You wake up in the morning but `you` feel `like` you've never got up and go to work and you feel`ing` like `you ain't` got `a` purpose.

And you~~'re~~ trying to get motivated but everything you do turns into a mess like you~~'re~~ `ain't` nothing but worthless.

And `yo`, you look around ~~and~~ `A` lot of these other people you~~'re~~ looking at, to you, you describe as perfect.

So you point `a` finger `at` god and tell him to do his job, and fix your life up because nothing is working.

And you `will` try~~ing~~ to hide it `and` make it seem~~s~~ something like `it's nothing, but` really `you` feel `like everything is` crashing around you.

And you developed `a` problem `in` trusting `in other` people which `later` became an issue that `would` mentally pound~~s~~ you.

You only get one life but every time you~~'re~~ looking at yours, you feel like all you ever see `are` mistake`s`.

And the problem and the reason that you `could never` move forward in life is because you `were` never awake. Wake up!

You spend your life in a dream that you can't escape.

Because you live `your` life in a comma, you're never awake.

Wake up! (16)

You spend your life in a dream that you can't escape. escape(3)

Because you live `your` life in a comma, you're never awake.