# Daily

# Expressions

## Search me!

I don't know.

## To Sit tight

Be patient; Refrain from taking action or changing one's mind. We're advising our clients to sit tight and neither to buy nor sell.

## To play out

1. develop in a particular way.
2. happen; take place.

## X stands for itself

The normal idiomatic sentence in English is "X speaks for itself"—meaning that there is no need to add anything further to X in order for its meaning or significance to be entirely clear.

## Aced Something

Accomplish something with success.

## Sack up!

(slang, vulgar, intransitive) To force oneself to become more manly; to toughen up or man up.

## I'm up to my neck

I have a lot of work to do.

## To get canned

To be summarily dismissed or ousted from employment; to be fired.

## Can somebody

To summarily dismiss or oust someone from employment; to fire someone.

## Butterflies in my stomach

We use this expression to describe the feeling when one is nervously anticipating something, such as a speech or other big event.

## Be a piece of cake

The saying "a piece of cake" means something that's simple to accomplish.

## Keen eye

A special ability to notice or recognize a particular thing or quality He has a keen/sharp eye for detail.

## Address an issue

Means to look at a particular issue with a keen eye. To examine something completely than commence a debate about the issue. The part about to address means to bring it up and evaluate an issue for possible alterations. By addressing an issue there must be two people willing reevaluate the item.

## Get your edge back

To get the edge of a knife back, you have to sharpen it (hone it - a word you used today ). If you as a person are having problems in your life - the analogy is "you are dull" and you have to "get your edge back" to get your life back in order, to make you work better.

## Met its match

to be opposed by someone as good as one is and who could defeat one: She knew after the first game that she had met her match.

## You nailed it!

You "nailed it" means you completed a task successfully or got something right. It is a common English expression.

## Pitch somebody something

to try to persuade someone to buy something

## Churn out

produce something routinely or mechanically and in large quantities.

## Stay tuned

to keep watching a television show or listening to a radio broadcast Stay tuned for a news update.

## Karen

Karen is a pejorative term for a woman seeming to be entitled or demanding beyond the scope of what is normal.

## Toy with

to think about (something) briefly and not very seriously

## Dwell on

to think or talk about (something) for a long time

## Carve up

usually disapproving. : to divide something into small parts

# Sentences

- The old athlete's trophies were on the shelves.
- When new meanings arise to change the way that they are used.
- The bank might think you're worthy of a loan
- He got his point across by way of illustration and interpretation.
- He made inquiries with regard to Beth
- People's lives could be at stake. the logical response is to give up, but there's more at stake than logic. If you'd open your eyes then maybe you'd see what's at stake
- And the problem is that you don't know what you're after. (What are you looking for)
- And you feeling like you ain't got a purpose. (have not, has not)
- Make a hole!
- I will sue you for slander.
- 

# Vocabularies

- To roofied
- To anticipate
- Amigo (Spanish)
- Confectionery
- Cupboard
- To suspend a student
- To Accomplish: He knew he would starve before accomplishing half the distance. to accomplish a task.
- Captive: The robbers had kept their captives in a small room.
- Starve: Half of the captives were starved to death.
- Oppose: He opposes this bill.
- Encounter: I will never forget my encounter with my school principal. I encountered no difficulties.
- Pejorative: Nowadays the word "poetaster" has become pejorative.
- Glimpse: a glimpse of happiness. He glimpsed at the letter, then threw it away.
- Quarterly: quarterly wages
- To muzzle: the government's muzzle on the press
- To pour out: Andy is pouring out two glasses of Coke. `express one's feelings in an unrestrained way.` In his letters, Edward poured out his hopes.
- Buzzword: These days, "disclosure" has become a buzzword.
- Agnostic: An agnostic believes that one cannot say whether God exists or not.
- Refrain: Please refrain from smoking in this area.

## Rude or disrespectful (not shameful)

- Cheeky: Now don’t be cheeky to your elders, young woman.
- Naughty: You’re a very naughty boy! Look what you’ve done!
- Rude
- Brazen: her brazen admission that she was cheating on him

## Because

- As the woman has no friends, she went to the cinema alone.
- Due to bad weather conditions, the flight was canceled.
- She did this out of her curiosity.

## I have your back

- I got your six.
- Hang in there, buddy!
- Oh, I got your back. I'll be right here.

## Triple words

- Dos and don'ts.
- Trial and error.
- Ups and downs.
- Ins and outs.
- By and large.
- Tit for tat.