# Season 7

# E01

## Sentences

- There is too much wisdom in there.

## Words

- Resentful: a resentful look

# E02

## Sentences

- When will that start getting annoying?
- Squared footage
- Do you mind if I heat this up on your lions?
- I wore out my first copy when I was with you.
- You keep making these stupid jokes and these sleazy innuendoes.

# E03

## Sentences

- If someone wants to give us a present, we don't want to deprive them of that joy.
- I'll try to tone it down.
- I won't boss you around.

## Words

- Arrogance: Napoleon's arrogance caused his defeat.

# E04

## Sentences

- In my defense

# E05

## Sentences

- Do you really want to pull that thread?
- I don't mean to be presumptuous.
- Your door isn't soundproof.

## Words

- To divert: to divert a stream to a new channel
- Spontaneous: His reaction was spontaneous rather than premeditated. spontaneous nosebleed

# E06

## Sentences

- The reason that I asked you to brunch is that...

## Words

- Anticipation: We must prepare now in anticipation of our future needs. When she found out that her son was arriving, she was filled with anticipation.

# E07

## Sentences

- She cornered me.
- Secret affair

## Words

- Colonel
- Fair: It's no affair of mine. a love affair. He had affairs with several women. We must study the whole affair.
- Loner

# E08

## Sentences

- How are you holding up? Not bad.

## Words

- To knit
- Terrifying
- To terrify: The thought of nuclear war terrifies the people.

# E09

## Sentences

- If you care enough to make up that load of crap, ok.
- I'd have to consult with the legal department.
- Don't be corny!

## Words

- Jeopardy: to be in jeopardy

# E10

## Sentences

- Everybody wants a payoff.
- The universe will be imploded.

# E11

## Sentences

- I didn't want to intrude on your life or anything.
- I didn't bring you here so you could ambush her.

# E12

## Sentences

- Chandler's getting chilly.
- You call it in the air.

# E13

## Sentences

- They thought she was barren.
- Um, no offense, but you were kind of rude.
- Let's just grab our stuff and get the hell out of here.
- She's gonna be crushed.
- I guess I could push it back.
- She's healed.
- I'm afraid so.
- You've wrecked all of my childhood memories.
- Why don't we take it for a spin?

## Words

- Decent: I want to come in, are you decent? make a decent living
- To devastate: Each one of these bombs can devastate a city.

# E14

## Sentences

- I promised myself I wasn't gonna cry at this one.
- People who accomplished so many of their goals by the time they are 30.
- Swedish runaway

## Words

- To pierce: She pierced my daughter's ear lobe with a needle.
- To liven the party

# E15

## Sentences

- Then we could grab a bite to eat or whatever.
- 

## Words

- Subtle: subtle reasoning
- Heritage

# E16

## Sentences

- You are making way too big a deal out of this.

## Words

- Practical jokes

# E17

## Sentences

- Wedding caterer
- Staying out of the way
- Fan out!
- Oh, crap!
- I used to have a friend named Joey. I don't anymore.

## Words

- Caterer
- Appetizer
- Hideous: the hideous face of the horned demon

# E18

## Sentences

- Of course, it is just conjecture.
- Maybe you cut me some slack. (to be less demanding of someone; ease up on someone)
- I am sort of in love.
- In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
- He would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
- We said goodbye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
- You don't have to tiptoe around me.
- He's totally yanking your chain. (to harass someone; to give someone a hard time.)
- Don't sweat it! (to worry or be nervous about something)
- Get it out of your system! (get rid of a wish or emotion)
- Doesn't it freak you out?
- I'm not trying to pull you anything.

## Words

- To nominate: He could nominate all of those islands. He was nominated for a new job.
- Conjecture: political ideas based on conjectures.
- To squeeze: to squeeze the trigger.

# E19

## Sentences

- Grandma's gonna have to get in line. (To become straight)

## Words

- Authentic: an authentic news report
- Prototype: prototypes of future aircraft were demonstrated.
- Perishable: perishable items such as butter and fruit

# E20

## Sentences

- They're gonna be crushed.

---

# E00

## Sentences

- 

## Words

-