# Season 9

# E01

## Words

- Sentiment
- Piano recital

# E02

## Sentences

- I'm not sure you should be here when he comes up.
- Make a fist.
- If you had a plan then you should stick to it. That's why they call them plans.
- There you go.

# E03

## Sentences

- I call their apartment.
- He had to board.

## Words

- Pediatrician
- Flattering

# E04

## Sentences

- We are a rare breed.

# E05

## Words

- Bloodhound
- Scented
- Shrew
- Exquisite: an exquisite design

# E06

## Sentences

- Not knowing when to shut up

## Words

- Ironic: an ironic remark.
- Pity laughs
- To slay: Either die or slay.

# E07

## Sentences

- Went bankrupt?
- Choked on his own mustache?

## Words

- Investment: His investment in the company is considerable.
- Deductible: deductible expenses
- To intimidate: His position and power did not intimidate me.

# E08

## Sentences

- Please help me to get the plates down.
- For the rest of our lives, I'll be careful until told otherwise.
- You stink at lying.
- You grow into it.
- Whose side are you on?
- To arouse: The sound of sirens aroused us from sleep.

# E09

## Sentences

- How come your door's locked?

## Words

- To convince
- Seduction: the seduction of his daughter by the neighbor's son

# E11

## Sentences

- I'm a little shook up.

# E12

## Sentences

- I thought you were pompous and arrogant, and obnoxious.

# E13

## Words

- Courtesy: Common courtesy dictates that...

# E14

## Words

- Obituary
- Intentional

# E15

## Sentences

- I do bring a certain credibility to the role.
- Did you use to mug people?
- Roll your way to childhood obesity.
- I have a confession to make.

## Words

- Noble: a man of noble nature
- Sellout: The show was a sellout.
- Traumatic
- Demographic: Most of our listeners are in the 25-39 demographic.

# E16

## Sentences

- I had no idea you were so conventional.

## Words

- Deliberately: They were deliberately misinformed about their rights.
- Deface: The students defaced his picture.
- Proportion: All the details of this painting have admirable proportions.

---

# E00

## Sentences

- 

## Words

-