# Season 10

# E01

## Sentences

- I'm gonna edge out Chandler!
- Here is the deal...

## Words

- Enunciate: Children must be taught to enunciate correctly.
- Scalp: They killed and scalped Custer and his men.

# E02

## Sentences

- I don't know why it's coming out all loud and squeaky.
- I think we just ran out of kids.

## Words

- To absorbed: He is absorbed by thoughts of home.
- Realtor
- Intuitive: an intuitive truth

# E03

## Sentences

- I softly graze her tight.
- She always brags out about all the famous people she's met.
- Just ignore her calls and dodge her till she gets the point.
- Have you ever done that? No. Had it done to me, though?
- Of all the people I've cut out, you were the only one who ever clawed her way back in.

## Words

- Harsh: the harsh sound of the electric saw. It seems so harsh.
- Musty: a musty basement
- To protest: The players protested bitterly to the referee.
- Ghastly: a ghastly crime

# E04

## Sentences

- Ross was jealous of all attention we were giving to you.

## Words

- Treasure map
- To hitchhike: Soldiers hitchhiked to their villages.

# E05

## Words

- Thesaurus

# E06

## Sentences

- Is there anything I could do to butter him up? (flatter or praise someone as a means of gaining their help or support.)
- Did you and Chandler make compromises when you moved in together?
- Joey, for god's sake, go to work!
- Care to venture a guess?
- [Door slams]
- There is one small stipulation.

## Words

- Bidding: at her husband's bidding
- Chameleon: He is a chameleonic politician.

# E07

## Sentences

- I'm offended by the insinuation.
- On behalf of the children, thank you both very much.
- Did you make it through that?

## Words

- Playground
- Traumatic

# E08

## Words

- To drool: The three hungry men drooled at the sight of food.

# E09

## Sentences

- I'll let you get acquainted.

# E11

## Sentences

- What did I marry into?

# E12

## Sentences

- She was blacked out.

## Words

- To rehearse: The events are rehearsed in most Irish histories.
- Affirmative

# E13

## Sentences

- Seriously stop it. I'm gonna jump on you.
- He's under sedation, so he is out.
- You tugged my catheter.
- Speak gibberish
- I have to go before I put your head through a wall.
- It's us. Of course, it is the shovel killer.

## Words

- Unconscious: Levin was knocked unconscious by the impact.
- Shovel

---

# E00

## Sentences

- 

## Words

-