# Season 4

# E01

## Sentences

- You're gonna wrecked the best thing that ever happened to you.
- Pass the cheese, please.
- I got stung.
- Being tired of digging the huge hole.
- I got the stage fright.

## Words

- Jellyfish

# E02

## Sentences

- That ripped.

## Words

- Canoe

# E03

## Sentences

- We are so in luck.
- How desperate am I?

## Words

- Squeeze
- Rumor

# E04

## Sentences

- That's not against your oath?
- If I'm Marge, my breasts are coming our my back.

## Words

- Plunger
- To evict

# E05

## Sentences

- And hey, my treat.
- But you might want to tone it down a little.

## Words

- Rehearse: The events are rehearsed in most Irish histories.
- To pretend

# E06

## Sentences

- Enough is enough
- The widow wouldn't pay, so phoebe yelled at her till she paid.
- I'm a hard-ass.

## Words

- Cater

# E07

## Sentences

- How could I leave if I knew I was depriving for your music.

# E09

## Sentences

- I may vomit.
- Congratulations, you've just crossed the line into completely useless.
- Besides, it might be kind of fun to form the new A-Team.

## Words

- Bumblebee
- Bagel
- Tray
- Mitten

# E10

## Sentences

- She was totally at my mercy.
- I no longer go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
- I haven't been picked on this much since kindergarten.
- They brought in someone from junior high to do the seesaw with me.
- A director who, in the beginning, would hire somebody just to fire them. Then they would all know who was boss.
- Nothing rhymes with your stupid name.
- You are a great catch.

## Words

- Stuffing

# E11

## Sentences

- You missed it up.
- You are not mature enough to understand that.
- You are afraid you won't be able to fill his shoes.
- I shouldn't have given you the puppy first.

## Words

- Elope: The landlord's daughter eloped to Tabriz with the gardener.
- Conceive: His wife is not able to conceive.
- Cretaceous
- Uterus
- Surrogate: Hossein acted as a surrogate for Hassan.

# E12

## Sentences

- Challenge extended
- Challenge accepted
- According to Chandler, what phenomenon scares the bejesus out of him.
- I took a shot.
- I majored in lightning rounds.
- I'm just trying to spice it up.
- Throw in the duck.
- What do you have against the duck?

## Words

- Rooster
- Scotch tape
- Peeve: I was very peeved about not being invited.

# E13

## Sentences

- I can't believe you're throwing that in my face.
- That's such a turn-on.

## Words

- Desperate: a mother's desperate attempts to revive her dead child

# E14

## Words

- Bait: People formerly baited chained bears for sport.

# E15

## Sentences

- Which it kind of is.

## Words

- Preemptive strike

# E16

## Sentences

- Everything makes me nauseous.
- Being pregnant is no piece of cake.
- Weird cravings
- I don't have the guts to ask him out.
- What did you throw away?
- She is so much fun.
- Yes, but in Ross' case, they both knew in two weeks that's it.
- Being pregnant is hard on your tummy.
- I Can't help it.

## Words

- Crave: orders craving immediate attention. He craved our forgiveness.
- Pickle
- Lax security
- To tear up
- To seduce: to seduce a married woman

# E17

## Sentences

- I'm done listening to you.
- If I hadn't let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I wouldn't have put my fist through the wall.
- A place that no one will ever get out of alive?

## Words

- Protected Bubble
- Applaud: I applaud your courage.
- Triplet
- Dreadful: a dreadful storm

# E18

## Sentences

- There is tons of terrific stuff.
- He's very lovable once you get to know him.
- I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it.
- Cooking soothes me.
- You are so paranoid.
- So which name am I cool enough to pull off?

## Words

- Compromise: The demands of labor and management were very different, but they finally arrived at a compromise.
- Chandelier
- Paranoid: Don't be so paranoid; not every student hates you!

# E19

## Sentences

- I'm really tired of your bellyaching.

# E20

## Sentences

- You don't need to fill these silences.

# E21

## Sentences

- We're gonna get off our butts and rent Die Hard again.
- I never knew you can't fly in your trimester.

## Words

- Neat: We had a neat time at the picnic. Not all human problems have neat solutions.

# E22

## Sentences

- I'm never gonna get to be a best man.
- Don't make me come in there!
- Get your ass back here.
- We are throwing the most depressing baby shower.
- I know what I got myself into.

## Words

- Bowl

# E23

## Sentences

- I have a wedgie.
- Don't be so hard on yourself.
- You're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.

## Words

- Flaw: a flaw in a gem or a crystal vase.

# E24

## Sentences

- You are about to ruin the happiest day of his life.