# Season 6

# E01

## Sentences

- You are the master.

## Words

- Annulment: A marriage can end by death, divorce, or annulment.
- Hubby
- Rapist
- Craftsman: Shah Abbas brought many artists and craftsmen to Esfahan.

# E02

## Sentences

- Not once did we do that.
- Have you considered therapy?

## Words

- Tombstone
- Shack up: to sleep or live together as unmarried sexual partners.
- Lay off: the act of an employer suspending or terminating a worker.

# E03

## Words

- To mock somebody: They mocked him for showing fear.

# E04

## Sentences

- Saved by the bell. Luckily my bus arrived before I had time to reply. Saved by the bell.

## Words

- Sediment: the sediment at the bottom of a vinegar bottle.

# E05

## Words

- To swallow

# E07

## Sentences

- You've met your match.
- I didn't nail them to the floor.
- It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.
- I'm drawing her to me like a moth to a flame.
- I have to do something to repel this woman. (to keep something or someone away from you)
- We will get everything squared away.
- The couch looks bizarre.

## Words

- Delicate: The sun can easily damage a child’s delicate skin.
- Sneak out: To leave a place or a gathering while trying to avoid being seen or heard.

# E08

## Sentences

- She was into me.
- You are turning to a woman.

# E09

## Sentences

- If it is any consolation, before she dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
- I got tricked into all those things.

## Words

- Aloof
- Sarcastic
- Tattletale: She scolded another student for being a tattletale.

# E10

## Words

- Hollow: The hollow in the tree's trunk gets bigger each year. His face became gaunter and more hollow with each passing year.

# E11

## Sentences

- Days of yore.

# E12

## Sentences

- Don't wink at me.
- Put on your apron.
- Since you wait, I'll toss in a free muffin.
- You are flaky.
- Being a pushover and high maintenance.
- I don't think we're gonna settle this.
- Don't try to sway her.
- I would never snap at you like that.

## Words

- Terrific
- Inflict: We inflicted heavy casualties on the enemy.

# E13

## Sentences

- Being on house (being on somebody or something)
- No one thinks you are pansy.

# E14

## Sentences

- They shut the drapes.
- I can not help it.

# E16

## Sentences

- It would just be one friend helping out another friend.
- You pour me some water.
- What has happened to the sanctity of marriage?
- I'm the ruptured spleen.

# E17

## Sentences

- He's complained about you three times.
- What have you guys been up to?
- Kicking a guy in the crotch all morning really takes it out of you.
- As appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend and her brother.
- With all due respect, I'd like to donate some fluids.
- You will not find a single game-show host whose ass I cannot kick.

# E19

## Words

- Sly: sly skill
- Chin dimple

# E20

## Sentences

- Get off me

# E21

## Words

- Horoscope
- Jab: He jabbed his fork into the meat.

---

# E00

## Sentences

- 

## Words

-