# Season 8

# E02

## Sentences

- They're calling out for me.
- You're thinking about this way too much.
- Just tell him and get over it with.
- Didn't see that coming.

# E03

## Words

- Indignant: I was very indignant over his behavior.

# E04

## Sentences

- That'll get Rachal to forgive me.
- I don't want people to see it for your sake.

## Words

- Souvenir
- Rookie mistake
- Seclude: a secluded corner of the garden

# E05

## Sentences

- Burning the midnight oil! (to work late into the night)
- You can be very intimidating.
- Screw you, I'm going first.
- Mundane: Be willing to do even mundane tasks.

## Words

- To exhume: He exhumed his father's body and took it abroad with him.
- To intimidate: His position and power did not intimidate me.
- Incompetent: the incompetent managers who made the company go bankrupt.
- Simp: Simpleton

# E06

## Words

- Dignity: the dignity of his rank

# E07

## Sentences

- Out of curiosity

# E08

## Sentences

- I'm gonna take that book and I'm gonna beat you to death with it.

## Words

- To narrate: He narrated the story of Rustam and Sohrab.

# E09

## Sentences

- See how they expand as the baby grows?
- They're great for shoplifting melons.
- We had a pact.

# E10

## Sentences

- How will I get in touch with them?
- When I chew on a bale of hay.
- One pregnant woman at a time.

## Words

- Compliment: They paid him great compliments.
- To sole: to sole a shoe
- Reunion: a family reunion

# E11

## Sentences

- I am just swamped right now.
- That is a slap in the face.

# E12

## Sentences

- Could you get that? [knocking on door]
- Have you talked to him lately?
- But it came at a price.

## Words

- To slip out: to leave a place without being noticed We'll slip out (through) the back door.

# E13

## Sentences

- You just sit there, stewing in your own filth.

## Words

- Industry solvent
- Veto: The president vetoed the republican bill.

# E14

## Sentences

- Intriguing question
- I'm better off this way.

# E15

## Sentences

- It haunts me.
- You owe it to yourself.

## Words

- To haunt: The murderer haunted the scene of his crime. The memory of her death still haunts me.

# E16

## Words

- To jeopardize: These mistakes have jeopardized your chances for reelection.

# E17

## Sentences

- I'm gonna take off.

## Words

- Maternity leave
- Erotic: erotic tendencies
- Due date

# E18

## Sentences

- Did he put a little starch in your bloomers?
- And I think my testicles may be in here too.
- Do you guys have any pearls of wisdom?

## Words

- Zest: olive oil with a bit of lemon zest
- Naughty: the neighbor's naughty children
- Pearl: a pearl necklace
- Marvelous: the marvelous skill of that brain surgeon
- Wedlock
- Tranquilizer
- Intricate: an intricate problem
- To embrace: to embrace an opportunity.

# E20

## Sentences

- My ass is sweating.
- Wanna shoot some hoops?

# E21

## Sentences

- I'm getting my revenge.
- You really do live in your own little world, don't you?

## Words

- Abysmal: abysmal poverty

# E22

## Sentences

- I would still like to be acknowledged.
- When Carol was pregnant with Ben, were you this irritating?
- You've got to be kidding me.
- The repercussions would be catastrophic.

## Words

- To snooze: Jahangir snoozes in front of the T.V.
- Remedy: the best remedy for constipation.
- Repercussions: Rapid economic growth produced unexpected social repercussions.
- Catastrophic

# E23

## Words

- Contraction: a period of contraction in economic activities.
- Deaf: Agha Amoo was deaf in the left ear.
- Dilate: Matter is dilated by heat.

# E24

## Sentences

- Who's the unwitting human whose essence you've stolen?