# Season 2

# E01

## Sentences

- Please, I'm begging you, go to sleep.

## Words

- Constitutional: constitutional reform
- To subvert: Their agents are trying to subvert our regime.
- To prostitute: She spent her youth prostituting.
- To unnerve: His threatening words unnerved her.

# E02

## Sentences

- You're nitpicking!

## Words

- Scarce: Fruits are cheap when they are plentiful and expensive when they are scarce.

# E03

## Words

- Conundrum
- To patronize: I have been patronizing this store for years.
- To postulate: The road-building program postulates a doubling of oil income.
- Deceit: to practice deceit on somebody

# E04

## Sentences

- I had to sanitize my hands.
- Oh, crap. That's terrifying.

## Words

- Sanitary: sanitary inspector
- Lease: The landlord refused to renew his lease.
- Cohort: the mayor and his cohorts

# E05

## Sentences

- I withdraw my previous objection.
- Performing diagnostics
- Aced it!

# E06

## Words

- Prevailing: the prevailing rural customs

# E07

## Words

- Self-esteem
- To banish: Thousands were banished to Siberia.
- To reiterate: We reiterated our readiness for talks. Lawyers reiterated that there was no direct evidence against Mr. Evans.
- To neuter: Plans to reform local government are designed to neuter local democracy.

# E08

## Words

- Distinctive: a distinctive characteristic

# E09

## Sentences

- The statement stands for itself.
- Peace out!

## Words

- Colloquial: You shouldn't use phrases like "sort of" in essays -- they're too colloquial.
- Tolerable: This degree of heat is tolerable.
- Libido
- To suppress: to suppress a revolt
- Indecipherable
- Acoustic: The new hall is an acoustic marvel.
- Ergo
- Doorknob
- To spare: Spare! O God! this miserable sinner!
- To circumvent: Circumvented by the enemy, he had to yield.
- To associate: I don’t associate him with energetic sports. one of his business associates. People associate the old days with good times and seem to forget the hardship they endured.
- To endure: It seemed impossible that anyone could endure such pain.
- Constipated
- To defrost: Defrost the frozen meat by placing in it lukewarm water.

# E11

## Sentences

- Not all at once!

## Words

- Humongous
- Reciprocity: the reciprocity of trading rights between the two nations.
- Gracious: Oh, what a gracious old man!

# E12

## Sentences

- Thanks for the heads up.
- I'm not traumatized by some random comment from some random woman.

## Words

- Peculiar: the peculiar character of the U.S. government
- Popsicle
- To ridicule: They ridiculed his long ears.
- To devastate: a country devastated by war
- Hubris

# E13

## Sentences

- I've made substantial progress in bonding with Kripke.

## Words

- Crater: The battlefield was full of bomb craters.
- Prudent: a prudent man
- Wacko
- Substantial: substantial realities

# E14

## Sentences

- I would enjoy the ambiance.
---

# E01

## Sentences

- 

## Words

-