# Season 3

# E02

## Words

- Treed
- Cricket
- Wager: He wagered five dollars on the white horse.

# E03

## Words

- To extenuate: extenuating circumstances
- Nostril: the two nostrils

# E04

## Sentences

- I nailed it.

## Words

- To baffle: She baffled all our attempts at finding her.
- Cogent: His arguments in defence of free trade were cogent.

# E05

## Words

- Eidetic: eidetic imagery
- Lame: His left leg is lame. lame excuses
- To betray: those who betrayed their country

# E06

## Words

- Apparel: the white apparel of winter

# E08

## Words

- Concussion

# E09

## Sentences

- Let's dial it back to a nonlethal form of vengeance.

## Words

- Rhetorical: a rhetorical question
- Controversy: the controversy about his illicit affairs
- Nozzle
- Lethal: a lethal weapon
- Vengeance: Omar swore vengeance on everyone involved with the murder.

# E10

## Sentences

- There's hope for you after all.
- Don't play innocent with me.
- The subject appears well-rested and enthusiastic.

## Words

- To intimidate: His position and power did not intimidate me.

# E11

## Words

- Festive: to be in a festive mood
- To critique: His critique of the government's policies was very illuminating.
- To dispute: the philosophers' dispute over the meaning of justice
- Envy: Her beauty aroused her sisters' envy.
- Surrogate: Hossein acted as a surrogate for Hassan.

# E13

## Words

- To elude: to elude one's responsibilities
- Acquaintance: friends and acquaintances

# E14

## Words

- Crate: crates containing glass and china
- Deodorant
- To terrorize: Armed thugs were terrorizing the population.
- To swamp: A tall wave swamped the boat.
- Troglodyte

# E15

## Words

- Asinine: What an asinine thought!
- Traitor
- To Betray: His face betrays his fear.
- Acoustics: The arena is known for its outstanding acoustics.
- Ramification: the ramifications of an act

# E16

## Words

- To summon: to summon a meeting
- To distress: The sight of blood always distressed him.
- To plead: Your honor, my client pleads not guilty.

# E17

## Words

- To stipulate: It is stipulated that the goods be delivered in one week.

# E18

## Sentences

- With all due respect, I don't think praying will help.

## Words

- to Trample: The horse trampled on the boy.

# E19

## Sentences

- Respiratory System

## Words

- Respiratory: respiratory diseases

# E21

## Words

- Ablutions: At twelve o'clock the class was dismissed, and there followed a rush for the toilets and ablutions.
- Apocalypse: I was certain something like it would come, something like an apocalypse.

# E22

## Sentences

- Each one more daunting than the last

## Words

- Barrier: barriers to progress
- Cocky: too much praise made him cocky

# E23

## Sentences

- Curse you!

## Words

- Rodeo
- Whimsy