# Season 1

# E01

## Sentences

- I the height of a step is off by as little as two millimeters, most people will trip.
- I resent you saying that we don't have company.
- Did it take four years to get through high school?
- I'm not anticipating coitus.
- Chain of casualty
- I'm sorry I dragged you through this.

## Words

- To renege: to renege on the payment of a loan
- Evidently
- Commentary: news and news commentary
- Perspiration: Beads of perspiration covered her forehead.
- Sagittarius
- Delusion: delusions of grandeur
- Constellation
- Species
- Dispute
- Privilege: class privileges
- Hypothesis: a valid hypothesis

# E02

## Sentences

- I dare you. (It means to challenge someone to do something you believe they would not do because they are afraid or would be embarrassed)
- I hope that it won't color your opinion of Leonard.

## Words

- Intellectual: mankind's intellectual faculties
- Chaos
- Swirl
- Immaculate: The nurses' uniforms were immaculate.

# E03

## Words

- Relentless: The relentless storm lasted nine days.
- Pursuit: We went into the forest in pursuit of the thief.
- Pitfall
- Spontaneous: His reaction was spontaneous rather than premeditated.
- Arousal: The sound of sirens aroused us from sleep.
- Extraneous: extraneous information.

# E04

## Sentences

- He cornered me and talked about spelunking.
- Smear me: Out of jealousy, he smeared mud all over the neighbor's wall.
- A more plausible explanation is that his work in robotics has made an amazing leap.
- Every day, He's got a new obsession.
- Did I pluck a nerve there? (you're asking someone if you annoyed them with a statement you made.)
- Snap out of it! (get out of a bad or unhappy mood by a sudden effort.)
- Let's get cracking! (act quickly and decisively.)

## Words

- Plausible: What you say is plausible but I don't believe it.
- Thesis
- Sabbatical
- To get canned: To be summarily dismissed or ousted from employment; to be fired.
- Luminous: Stars are luminous objects.
- To spook: he had me spooked all right, he held a gun!
- To elude: The thief eluded the police.

# E05

## Sentences

- This is a disturbing aberration.
- How so?
- Give my best to somebody.
- Was that just a generic platitude or was that a subtle bid for attention?
- Do you know why this hamburger surpasses the Big Boy?

## Words

- Inconsiderate: It was inconsiderate of you to make your old father carry the heavy suitcase.
- Platitude: His speech contained nothing but platitudes.

# E06

## Sentences

- We were annihilated by our own incompetence.

# E07

## Words

- Kosher: kosher food

# E09

## Sentences

- To get goosebumps.

## Words

- Laxative

# E10

## Sentences

- I highly doubt that.
- We're in danger of Penny seeing through the ruse.

## Words

- Vocation and Avocation
- Exquisite: an exquisite design
- Convoluted

# E11

## Sentences

- I'm very congested.

# E12

## Sentences

- It's like looking into an obnoxious mirror.
- He's nuts.

## Words

- Obnoxious: obnoxious behavior
- Curiouser

# E13

## Sentences

- Sack up, Dude!

## Words

- Forfeit: What forfeit (is) worse than the loss of honor?
- To adhere: Cement does not adhere well to the glass.

# E014

## Words

- Miniature: a miniature camera
- Absurd: absurd claims

# E15

## Sentences

- Can I interject something?
- I weed humanity.

## Words

- Flatulent: Beans are flatulent.
- You and I are gonna go round the way we did when we were little.
- Corpse
- To weed: When he saw the corpse, he wept.

# E16

## Words

- Anguish: the hostages' anguished cries.
- Laborious: months of laborious research
- I accept your premise, I reject your conclusion.

---

# E01

## Sentences

- 

## Words

-